hello friends welcome to Lina's kitchen
dot-com since I'm making a Indo Chinese
recipe series today I'll be showing you
how to make hot and sour chicken soup a
very simple yet delicious soup
[Music]
two cups of chicken stock in a wok in a
bowl and open a tablespoon of soy sauce
2 tbsp of vinegar and 1 green chilli
chopped now mix them all together and
keep it aside add about 15 grams of
shredded cabbage 15 grams of shredded
carrots
fifteen grams of shredded capsicum half
inch of ginger
[Music]
thirty grams of boiled shredded chicken
I saw that bio-based add the soy and
vinegar and green teenager
me
[Music]
mix some cornflour are in water and add
about 2 tbsp of flour into it
alter the mixture begins
mix well and see if the suit thickens
[Music]
okay I'm not either
tablespoon of sunflower mixed in water
into it let's see let us add one beaten
egg into it I will be pouring it like so
and then mixing it
[Music]
Vado our hot and sour chicken soup it's
now ready to be served
let's switch off the plane you can see
that the egg has it has
[Music]
Venga delicious hot and sour chicken
soup is know when to
a very simple way of making hot and sour
chicken soup which usually you tried in
the restaurants why don't you try it at
home and do tell me how it came out
please still posting your comments and
feedbacks and thanks so much for
watching
[Music]